---
layout: page
title: Zhang Yubin's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: MyCRM

MyCRM is a desktop application for managing client contacts, repair job statuses, and product information that has been optimised for use via a Command Line Interface (CLI) while maintaining the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). If you type quickly, MyCRM can complete customer relationship management tasks faster than traditional GUI applications.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Features**: Added a history command that allows the user to navigate to previous commands using up/down keys and list out all previous commands using `history` command.
  

* **New Features**: Added a `printReport` command to generate a report of all jobs within current month.
    * What it does: Allows user to review all the jobs in current month by showing the jobs completed within current month
    , the jobs received within current month, the three most popular products received within current month,
      and a bar graph showing the last four months revenue in this year and last year in a new window.
    * Justification: This feature improves MyCRM significantly because a user can review monthly job records and statistics so that user can learn about the month’s performance and analyse how to improve.


* **New Features**: Added a `exportReport` command to export a report of all jobs  within current month.
    * What it does: Allows user to export the monthly job report generated by `printReport` command as a PDF format.
    * Justification: This feature improves MyCRM significantly because a user can either save the job report locally or print it out.
  <br><br>
* **Documentation**: 
  * User Guide:
    * Added documentation for the feature `history` 
  * Development Guide:
    * Added use cases of feature `history`, `printReport`, and `exportReport`
    * Added implementation details for `printReport`
  <br><br>
* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2122s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2021-09-17&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=Kimowarui&tabRepo=AY2122S1-CS2103-T14-3%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false)


* **Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Aligned the Ui theme of report window with main window (Pull requests
    [#176](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103-T14-3/tp/pull/176)).
 

* **Community**:
  * Reported bugs and suggestions for other teams. e.g.
  [79](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-W12-2/tp/issues/79),
  [80](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-W12-2/tp/issues/80)
  
